salloc, sattach, sbcast, sdiag, sprio, sshare, strigger, sview, sh5util, scrun, scrontab: add pages (#11651)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/salloc.md

# salloc

> > Allocate nodes in a cluster and start an interactive shell session or execute a command.

Reviewer: This doesn't really allocate nodes though? It allocates a job on a node.
```suggestion
> Start an interactive shell session or execute a command by allocating on 1 or more nodes in a cluster. 
```
